# Midbound v0.9.1
The goal of v0.9.1 is to demonstrate the following capabilities:  
* Prospect historic data capturing. 
* Prospect pageview and event tracking.
* Prospect filtering and searching. 
* Midbound Lead Score. 
* Team creation and billing. 
* Website creation and tracking code generation.

## What does “midbound” mean? 
“Midbound” is that special place where inbound marketing meets outbound sales. It is most applicable to B2B companies who generate a lot of great content, which in turn, generates a lot of top-of-the-funnel leads. Those leads aren’t exactly inbound as they are barely considered leads, but they are within your sphere of influence. It’s why we call them *midbound* leads (should they be called prospects or leads?)

Being a midbound salesman means knowing how to be relevant and when to strike. Appear automated, and you will not be listened to. Forget to add value, and you will be ignored. Reach out at the wrong time, and you will be forgotten. Meanwhile, as a salesperson, you have to spend your time wisely. After all, these leads are likely to be only lukewarm at best. But some have potential to turn into big deals. Isn’t that why your content team has been working so hard? What’s the point of all that content if you’re not going to be working to convert top-of-the-funnel leads into cold, hard cash? 

Midbound makes it easy to figure out who’s warm and who’s not. Our Midbound Lead Score monitors activity, freshness, and your own custom criteria to determine which leads show the value and show the most engagement. We also tell you when to make your move. Our Reaction Timing Engine determines the probability of when a lead will be available. That way, you’re more likely to hit your target on the first try. 

## Midbound Tracker
The tracking script is a unique, Javascript snippet that is placed in the HTML of your website. Only one script is required, site-wide. 

* **Question 1:** where should it be placed?
* **Question 2:** will it slow down my website?
* **Question 3:** how secure is it?

Here is an example of what it looks like: 

```markup
<!-- Universal snippet -->
<script>
    (function (m, i, d, w, a, y, s) {
        m['MidboundObject'] = a;
        m[a] = m[a] || function () { (m[a].q = m[a].q || []).push(arguments) }, m[a].l = 1 * new Date();
        y = i.createElement(d), s = i.getElementsByTagName(d)[0];
        y.async = 1;
        y.src = w;
        s.parentNode.insertBefore(y, s);
    })(window, document, 'script', '../midbound.js', 'mb');

    mb('create', 'MB-XXXXXXXX-1');
</script>
```

It does the following: 
* It collects prospect data as it is entered into your lead generation forms. 
* It collects pageview data on anonymous visitors (like Google Analytics) that is later appended to their profile when they become a lead. 
* It continues to update lead profiles with additional activity data, such as page views and custom events.
* In a later version of Midbound, it will determine whether a lead is showing interest in a particular piece of content or simply scanning a page. 

### Pageview Tracking
### Custom Event Tracking

## Midbound Leads
### Midbound Lead Scoring
### Reaction Timing Engine

## User Settings
### Teams
### Team Members
### API Key
### Websites



